# Haskell Lox Interpreter

This project is an implementation of the Lox interpreter, written in Haskell. The interpreter is based on the design and specifications provided in [Crafting Interpreters](https://craftinginterpreters.com/) by Bob Nystrom. The book is an excellent resource for anyone interested in learning more about interpreters, compilers, and programming languages design.

## Scanning

The first phase of the interpreter is the scanner (or lexer), which transforms the raw source code into a series of tokens. These tokens are then used by the parser to construct an abstract syntax tree (AST). In this implementation, the scanning process is handled by the `scanTokens` function.

For more detailed information about the scanning process and its role in language interpretation, refer to the [Scanning section](https://craftinginterpreters.com/scanning.html) of Crafting Interpreters.

## Parsing

(Not yet implemented)

The parsing phase is responsible for taking the list of tokens generated by the scanner and constructing an abstract syntax tree (AST) that represents the program's structure. This phase is crucial for understanding the syntax and semantics of the source code.

## Interpreting

(Not yet implemented)

The final phase is the interpreter, which executes the program represented by the AST. This step involves evaluating expressions, executing statements, and managing the environment in which the code runs.

### Hooks

If you're on a Unix-like system (Linux, macOS), you can set up the `pre-push` hook with the following command:

```bash
cp pre-push .git/hooks/pre-push
chmod +x .git/hooks/pre-push
```

